[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The story and mythology
of Atlantis has been deeply
planted in our
subconscious mind.
Because in a way,
it was the beginning
of our current civilization.
People want to know
how it started and why.
When I was born in the
colony of Atlantis,
I remember everything we could
possibly know about Atlantis,
about our mother civilization
through the stories
of my grandfather in that life.
The Atlantean
people were the sons
of the first mixed between
those people coming
from the stars and
those people from Earth.
The Aesir, who most
know as the Annunaki,
were giants that settled
in the Middle East.
They had sons and
daughters with the humans
to make a civilization,
to help the Annunaki
transcend on this planet,
because their planet was dying.
That created us, the same,
the people from Atlantis.
Some of the Annunaki treated
humans like sons and daughters,
but there were some
that treated humans
like slaves to harvest minerals
for their own dying planet.
The Greek god Poseidon,
whom I knew as Thalon,
was an Annunaki father
who protected and guided
12 of the same children from
their isolated civilization
in the Middle East and moved
them through the Mediterranean
to the Atlantic Ocean, far away
from the dominating Annunaki
to protect them.
This created the 12
families of Atlantis.
The planet has 12 doors
that open information
from every constellation.
So that's why they
choose 12 kids--
girls and boys-- to put all
this information in their water,
in their blood.
The first stage of
this culture was
to divide the main island
in 12 small regions that
were controlled by
these 12 families.
They understood
that they were not
the rulers of the civilization.
They were not the ones having
to control the population.
They were the ones keeping the
information from the stars.
They were not able to rule.
They were able to guide.
Atlantean people recognized
that the inner power
was to look farther and not
only the horizons of the planet,
but also the horizons of stars.
The beginning of Atlantis
and the origin of humanity
is a complicated
but important story.
When we listen about the
Annunaki and the Aesir,
what we have in mind
is that they came here
to create the human experiment,
and that they were our fathers
and mothers, and that they were
the first ones on creating us.
But the truth is not
even them knew that they
were part of the experiment.
This season, we will dive
deeper into the experiment
by exploring the creation
of races in the universe,
discover how our
ancestors from the stars
influenced the
creation of Atlantis,
and uncover how the Atlantean
empire provided a blueprint
for human awakening.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Who was responsible for
the creation of races?
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
how the introduction of races
created powerful, evolutionary
steps for humanity.
When the whole
universe was projected
in different
dimensions and started
to create a different
perspective of itself,
the most important
they mentioned--
that we had to create
more perspectives
to see who we really are--
was the sixth dimension.
The sixth dimension
would be six spheres
that represents the pattern
of life in the universe.
That's why the flower
of life is six.
And the water, when it froze,
it gets the shape of the six,
so is the main structure of
creation of every living being
in the universe.
And then by polarity to have
a being living in between time
and space, the six
patterns of time
has to split into
six parts of space.
So then you have the 12
faces or the 12 beings--
Elohim.
That creates every being
in the whole universe.
That's why the sixth dimension
is the dimension of architects.
These architects were divided
in different trinities
and different beings that
we call the seeds of life
or the seeds of the universe.
And these big creations,
these big theorists
are the first beings that
are helming the creation
and the project of bringing
life to the third dimension,
to the fourth dimension,
and the fifth dimension.
These beings are
called the Elohim.
Normally, people used to call
them like that if they were
human-shaped beings or angels.
But the first ones
really were big bodies
in the universe with
a spheric shape that
start to divide itself
like different cells,
like an egg in the
womb of a mother.
So it started to split
in different thousands
and thousands of cells.
So each one of us
comes from one Elohim.
The Elohim were divided
in different frequencies,
different vibrations.
So each one of them also
were called different rays
in the universe.
So these different
rays of light,
these different rays
of colors that we're
feeling-- that the universe
started to create what
we call the idea of archangels.
Archangels is the way
that we used to call
the Elohim in other vibrations.
So to understand who
they are, to understand
these first beings,
we need to understand
that they are the biggest body
in the universe that you could
possibly imagine, and that you
are a cell inside of this body.
We all know of these ideas.
For example, in Greece,
the idea of Kronos.
Kronos was the god of time.
And he had all of his
kids through dividing
the parts of its body.
So all his sons and
daughters came from every one
of the parts of him.
So that's how we
can understand how
the ancients understood
the reality being
born through time.
That's the main idea of how
the Elohim were creating
through their own body the
different races, species,
and different realities
of the third dimension.
This Elohim were the
will of the universe
to know itself, to look for
tools for different ways
to understand itself.
So they understood that
the creation of life
would be a way in which,
through evolution, they
could experience different
processes, different aspects
of themselves.
So they start to take the
shapes of the geometry instead
of the vibration.
They stopped being
waves through time.
And they began to
have the shapes
of the living beings
in the reality of space
of the universe.
The first species
being created by them--
they were not what
we think about.
It is a species.
We are the final product of it.
We are the result of evolution
through billions and billions
of years of processing in
the matter in the creation
of the third dimension.
The first species
that were created
were the beings that control
the four more important bodies
in the universe.
And the universe has five
bodies, but four of them
are the most important.
First of them is water.
The other one is
Earth or minerals.
The other one is fire.
And the last one is air, gas.
So these four elements
were the first beings
created in the universe.
In some planets,
we would find life
created through gas,
life based on fire,
life based on minerals,
and life made of water.
We are from the
minerals and water.
There were thousands of
first species created
through those four of them.
But for us, bacteria
is the most important.
And from experiences
of water, they
created the structures of
all the rest of the species.
The fifth body is the one
that connects everything.
And we call it
the ethereal body.
And it's the mind and
the memory of everything
that is bounded to the soul,
which is the energy that
goes through every one
of those four species
and all the ones that
comes after them.
From the ethereal
world, the first species
that were created, and
had a shape to be a life,
and to hold
consciousness by itself,
divided from the
consciousness of the universe,
were the ones on the
fire and the gas.
They were more ethereal,
so they were more
aligned to what we could
recognize as individuals.
So they were living
beings from the suns
and living beings
from gas planets
like Jupiter and Saturn.
And those beings are
totally different from us.
And it's impossible to talk to
them, unless we are elementals.
But these first structures,
these first living species
were created at the
same time that suns
were created, at the same time
that galaxies were created.
Then when the minerals and
water beings start to evolve,
what they did was to bring these
ethereal shapes into water,
creating the first living
beings like Pleiadians
and other beings that
are so enlightened
itself in other
dimensions, that they
could hold the spirit of fire
and also live in the water.
That is related to the creation
of water in the universe.
But the most related to us--
the water beings
more related to us
like Pleiadians, Lyrans, and
other beings in the galaxy--
they started to begin when
the water came to this planet
around 4.6 billion
years ago when
the moon crashed with Earth.
There were other planets and
a lot of comets and asteroids
going all around.
And the gravity of the
moon was bringing with it
big rocks of hydrogen, that
with the collapse of Earth
and creating the big crater
of the Pacific Ocean,
it brought all the competence
to create the water here
on this planet.
So that would help
this planet to be alive
and to have the water as other
planets couldn't hold it,
because of the
difference-- temperatures
or the different
range to the sun.
This process was not held
by the confederation.
This process was held
by the sixth dimension.
The way they tried to
create new realities
is through the destruction
of the ancient one.
So all the chaos
of the universe was
the key to bringing the
seed of life in this planet.
When the patterns of the
sixth dimension were created,
they had to be put into space,
which is the third dimension.
But the only way you can
attach to the third dimension
is through time, which
is the fourth dimension.
So all the beings alive
for the first time
with the consciousness
of the self
had to go through
the fourth dimension.
They were building
the first living
beings, the first species
into the fourth dimension.
So they could find the process,
they could live the process.
In the fourth dimension,
they had these four stages
in the universe, which was
expression, experimentation,
integration, and transcendence.
The main problem that they
had creating these species
in the fourth dimension was
that to just live one process,
they could probably need
thousands and billions
of years.
So that's why it's so difficult
for me and for everyone
to explain when it
specifically happened,
that civilizations
and species that
were first created into
the fourth dimension
went to the third one.
So these main civilizations--
they had this problem in
which they were eternal,
so they lived forever
in the same shape.
So that had the problem that
we lived thousands and billions
of years with the
same personality
and the same knowledge
of who we are.
So if we are trying
to figure out
many ways of understanding
the knowledge of the universe,
we needed to stop that.
And we needed more life
and more evolution.
So that's why the species
in the fourth dimension
were forced to die.
Death was the main creation to
end with this eternal system
of process of life.
So the transcendence of
a process of learning
became death.
And integration
became to be old.
And the process
of experimentation
became to be the reproduction.
And the expression
was to be born.
So that's why all the beings
in the fourth dimension
were, for the first
time, creating
beings in the third
dimension through dying.
And that's why dying
is so important for us
in the third dimension, because
it allows the beings in all
the dimensions to express
the different ways of life
and the different ways in which
we can learn from ourselves.
The only way you can evolve is
by adapting to the environment.
And the beings from the Earth
species and the water species--
they found out that if
they changed their shapes,
they could be more eternal, that
if they are always the same.
So they figured out that if
they change their shapes being
the same within, they could
upload more information
and download more information
from the whole universe.
So that's why the process of
death, the process of dying,
of ending something
was so important.
Because it helps to
finish a perspective
and begin another one.
For all the beings
that we evolved
from the species of water,
we are the living proof
that we always are,
were, and will be water,
but we are only
changing the shapes.
Water has the whole
information to create life,
to express the realities
in different ways.
But those ways need
to be experienced.
So Earth, minerals
has to shape it.
So along the whole history
and evolution of the galaxy,
minerals were conditioning water
to shape it in different ways,
so it could be holding
some information
or recording some information
from every part of the universe
and every part of the planet.
So that's why the beings
living in other planets
and other dimensions
needed minerals
to condition the structure
of the water of every being,
so their own information
could transcend
through time and space in life.
That's why the universe
created this spiral of DNA
in which all information was
held into the cell, which
is like a planet.
And all this information
was being alive--
through the minerals
and the water
that was brought
through the blood.
When we think about
intelligent species,
we usually start to
think about that humans
are not from Earth, and that
we were created by beings
from outside, which is true.
But to understand how
it works, it's not
beings from outer space
that came to this planet,
and pick some species, and just
decided to create a new one.
They spent thousands
and millions
of years of observation,
trying to understand
how this planet works.
Because you have to think
about how your body has
its own immunological system,
that anything from outside
could be killed by
your own body if it
doesn't feel that it's its own.
So they had to do--
is to see which cells of this
body, what we call Earth,
were able to evolve and to
hold information from outside.
At the first stages of the
test, life was only in water.
They start to prove with this
joint of information of blood,
of DNA in the beings
living in water.
So after a while, they
decided that the best being
to hold all that
information and to be wise
about it was the whale.
And they then tried to cross
the Earth beings with the water
beings.
And most of them didn't
accomplish the purpose
of our fathers and mothers
from the stars, like some cats,
like some reptilians,
some beings that were--
tried to be created from
mammals, from reptilians,
from birds.
And those were the
first ideas to reach.
Which one of the species
were more prepared to hold
all that information?
Then in Africa, the hominids--
they were the evolutionary
path in which the Earth
was reaching consciousness.
It was not just
monkeys going around
and suddenly a species
from the heavens
came and modified them
to create Homo sapiens.
They chose them.
They chose us.
Because they saw
that the planet was
going into this evolutionary
path in which the planet was
looking for being
aware of who she is.
So they saw that
this species were
one of the more prepared
to receive information,
because they were
looking for information.
So that's why they
chose humans, because we
were able genetically
to download information
from other levels to
understand who we are.
And that's why in Africa when
they saw that the hominids were
getting ready to
wander the world,
to think about the world in
a different way, they chose--
took samples of them in
South Africa in Congo,
in Egypt, in Arabia, in
the Middle East, and India.
And they took the
path that humans
were taking, because of the
climate change at that time.
So they were reaching
that information.
But they were
taking those mammals
to prepare them in
spaces that they
would be able to protect them.
And that's why the first
humanity, the first humans
as we know it--
they usually were
born in islands.
They took really far away--
so they could prepare original
people from Australia.
They start to-- created
different prototypes of humans,
so they could decide
which one of them
was better to mix
with other humans.
Some of the species were
doing the transformation
through genetics.
So they were doing experiments
and tests with humans
to put that information.
And by tests, I don't mean
in laboratories or hospitals.
I mean, sex, because
a lot of them
came here to have daughters and
sons with women on this planet.
And also, women came from other
places to have kids with men
here on this planet.
Because they
understood that biology
is the best way to mix
them in a laboratory.
So what they did was trying
to mix their genetics.
And other ones just
put the information
through minerals or to codes.
During the process of
looking for the best species
to hold information
in this planet,
every code of genetics of
different races of this galaxy
weren't able to survive.
Everything that was trying
to survive in this planet--
they were killed by this planet.
And in between all
of them, the ones
that did it better, because
they were more similar to us
were the Arcturians.
And that's why Homo sapiens
were the chosen species
in this planet, because all the
other ones couldn't make it.
Arcturians figured out that we
were really similar to them.
They were aware that
we were ready to have
the same proportions of
body, of thoughts, the brain.
Everything was so aligned
to what Arcturians
were trying to do
on Earth, that we
were chosen like a good
species to bring consciousness
to the planet.
But because they didn't want
to make the same mistakes
that they did in
other planets, they
couldn't create just one
perspective of that species.
So that's why we needed races.
We needed different
types of humans
to have or to adopt to
different types of information.
So that's why the races
were so important.
And the diversity of
humans around the world
is so important.
So we can have more data.
We can have more information
from every part of the galaxy.
That's why we needed this Homo
sapiens being so different,
but at the same time,
being the same species.
Because it's the
only way that we
can have all this information
in just one spot, in just one
place.
The structure of the universe
has three stages in which--
has to be aware of
themselves, is the three steps
that we have to take in order to
understand who the universe is.
The first stage is the mental.
The second stage
is the emotional.
The third stage is the physical.
These stages are--
each one of them--
dividing into other trinities.
These trinities emerged
from the first one,
creating three other
fractalizations of itself.
And those divide in three again.
So what we start to
have is a multiplication
of this structure
of trinities that
brings us to have nine processes
to be aware in the mind
level of consciousness,
then nine in the emotional,
and nine in the
physical, what we
call the nine dimensions in
every stages of the universe.
This nine then has to become
aware to create a new reality.
That's what we call the 10th.
And the 10th realized
that he needs
to split again to see
himself and to create
a new reality, which is 11.
So 11:11:11 are
the codes in which
we could realize that is the
path towards enlightenment
and recognized the whole
consciousness in the three
stages of the universe.
That's why when we
see this number,
11:11:11 it's the
code that makes
us know that we are ready to
put all the patterns together
and to work for the divine.
This means that we-- has
passed through the nine
steps of initiation in mind,
the nine steps of initiation
in emotions, the ninth
step of initiaion
in the physical world.
So we realize who we
are, which is 10th.
And then we start to create
a new reality, which is 11.
These three levels-- when we
realize about all of them,
we discover the number 33.
33 is a sacred
number for everyone
for history and geometry.
Because 33 are the spots
of the whole structure
of the consciousness
of creation.
When we put all the geometries--
the tetrahedron, the cube,
the octahedron, icosahedron,
and dodecahedron-- altogether,
what we will find
is that you will
have 20 portals,
plus 12 other portals
in the structure
of the geometry.
So that is 32, all looking
into just one, which
is in the middle, the 33rd.
The 33 structures of the
consciousness of the universe
makes us know that we
have 33 ways in which we
could bring the information
to our bodies, to our souls.
That's why we have
around 33 blood
types in this planet
for humans that
had the codes along every
culture, every race,
every species of humans.
We have these 33 codes, so
we could download information
from the 33 notes
of the planet, which
are aligned emotionally in our
mind through the 33 vertebrae
from our spine.
So in mind, in
body, and emotion,
we are aligned and bounded
by the code 33, which
would be the realization
of the understanding
of the whole universe
and the universal mind
within ourselves.
That's why the 33 is
a code that we all
have to reach at the
moment when we recognize
that we are god in blood.
The most common blood types for
humans are O, A, AB, and Rh.
We all have that.
But indeed, we have many more.
We have these
different types that
are bounded to our
evolutionary experience.
So these minerals
attached to the blood
has the information of 22
races in different planets,
plus the ones that we have
here in this planet Earth.
So every human has these four
different types of blood.
But also, we have a lot of
humans with more, almost 33
of them that are divided
in different regions
of the planet.
So we could here be a Noah's
Ark of the information
of every planet and
evolution of this own planet.
So if 33 is the code
to enlighten humanity
and we all in our
blood have for sure
those 33 codes that are
divided in different regions
of the planet.
So if we work all
together, we'll
reach the 33, which is
enlightenment of Earth.
For all the beings
in the galaxy--
it was important to
choose some spots
in different solar systems to
keep the seeds of genetics,
to keep the seeds
of information.
And humans are one of
those that were chosen
to be this garden
of the galaxy where
we could have all
the data in just one
tiny spot in this solar system.
So it's important for us humans
to have all this information.
Because in the future,
we are the ones
that are going to be
populating the galaxy.
We are the ones going
outside this planet
and go to Mars, and
Jupiter, and to other places
in other solar systems.
And then we are going to
reach Sirius, and Pleiades,
and other places in
the future that humans
will be able to adapt.
Because within, we
have that information
of how it is to live
in those planets.
So it's important
for us to practice
how it is to be aligned with
every one of those planets.
Because by the moment when
we reach the whole galaxy,
we will know the galaxy.
And we will know what
to do with the galaxy.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias De Stefano.
In the next episode, we will
explore the Pleiades and Bootes
star system where the first
experiments with species began.
[MUSIC PLAYING]